>> Kyle Simpson: The third and
final pillar of JavaScript that we wanna
focus on in this course is the this and
the prototypes system.
They fit very closely together, they're
not actually really very separatable,
so they're one unit that
we want to talk about.
The this keyword, and
then the prototype system.
And actually, what you're more likely
to encounter in modern JavaScript code
is that the prototype system is what
the class keyword is built on top of.
So I'm gonna take a look
at this prototypes, and
then we'll finish by looking
at the class keyword.
Let's take a look first
at the this keyword.
A function's this keyword, you've
undoubtedly probably seen a function with
a this keyword in front of it.
That this keyword references what we
would call an execution context for
when that function gets called.
I want to stop right there and
just point out, it's all about the call,
it's not about the definition of the
function, it's not where the function is,
it's not what the function belongs to,
none of that matters.
It's only how the function was called,
that determines where the this
keyword is pointing at.
It's determined entirely by
how that function was called.
And that this-aware function can
actually have different contexts.
So if you define a function once and
you call it in a bunch of different ways,
it's gonna end up having different this
keywords every time it's called, and
that is what we would
call a dynamic context.
That gives us much more flexibility.
Instead of having a function like with
when we talked about lexical scope and
closure, it's very fixed and
it remembers it the same for ever.
Well, a dynamic context means that we
can change, use the same function but
change what context it is,
based upon how we call the function.
That makes it much more flexible and
reusable.
It's a really powerful, and
I think, underappreciated part
of the JavaScript language.
So let's take a look at an example
of using the this keyword
inside of some this-aware functions.
Here I've got a workshop object with
a property on it called teacher, and
then a method called ask.
And that method has a this keyword in it,
so that makes it a this-aware
function because there’s a this keyword
there that makes it a this-aware function,
and that means that to determine what
the this keyword is going to point at,
we don’t need to look at
lines one through six.
None of those lines are going to determine
anything about the this keyword.
It is only line eight that is going
to determine what the this keyword
is pointing at.
And in particular, we have a set of rules,
there's actually four rules that determine
how a function's call determines what
it's this keyword for that call,
what this key word is going to point at.
And this is one of those rules, which we
would call the implicit binding rule.
It means that at the place where
the function is called down on line eight,
you'll notice that there is
a workshop object in front of
the reference to the .ask method.
So it says workshop.ask.
That's an implicit binding of
the workshop as the this keyword.
So on line 4,
when have a this keyword, for
that particular invocation of the
function, it's gonna point at workshop,
which is why when it says this.teacher,
it's gonna end up pulling out the name
Kyle instead of undefined or
some other value.
So it was entirely based upon line eight,
it was not that ask was inside
of a workshop object, it was just
that the way we called on line 8,
allowed that function ask to use
workshop as its this context.
We can actually change, we can have
a function that is in one place, and
change what this context it uses,
based upon its call site.
So here's another example.
I have an ask function,
line 1, that is this aware.
You see that this keyword on line 2,
it's a this aware function.
It doesn't have any object
that it's wrapped around, so
there's no obvious this context for
it to adopt, and
that's because the this context is gonna
be entirely determined by how we call it.
Well, we're gonna call it on line 9, and
that's gonna determine what
the this keyword is gonna point at.
Lines 6, 7 and 8, I make an object called
myContext, with the teacher of value Suzy.
And on line 9, I say ask.call.
That's another way of invoking a function
that tells it, invoke that function ask
and use, as you see on line 9,
the myContext object as the this keyword.
So when it says this teacher it's going
to find myContext as that value and
then it's going to pull out
teacher with the value Susie.
So teacher then points at the teacher
that we defined in the myContext object
on line 7.
So that’s another way invoking a function.
Line 9, when we say a .call on a method,
instead of saying workshop or
myContext.ask, here we just said ask.call,
and
we gave it an object to use for
the this keyword.
That’s called an explicit binding.
In both cases, we're providing
a dynamic context to this function, and
if we were to do so in five different
other places of the program, we could end
up getting each one of those invocations
using a different this keyword.
That's the flexibility
that I'm talking about.
It's one function that can be reused
against a lot of different contexts.
It makes it extremely much more powerful.